add text (#3)
veelenga/KrainaPonadYse: en.md

## About us

> «Kraina Ponad Yce» Charitable Foundation was established in 2014 to help IDPs from the ATO zone. We were able to help with temporary housing in Kharkiv with more than 5,000 residents of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
«Kraina Ponad Yse» Charitable Foundation was established in 2014 to help IDPs from the ATO zone. We were able to help with temporary housing in Kharkiv with more than 5,000 residents of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions!
```

> Now we are faced with a new task - to help our Armed Forces!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we are faced with a new task - to help our Armed Forces of Ukraine!
```

## How can you help

<details>
  <summary>
    <div class="pay-option-inline">
      <div class="pay-icon"> 💳 </div>

>       <p class="pay-name">monobank</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p class="pay-name">Monobank</p>
```

</details>

<details>
  <summary>
    <div class="pay-option-inline">
      <div class="pay-icon"> 🏦 </div>
      <p class="pay-name">Transfer from Ukraine (UAH)</p>
    </div>
  </summary>

  <div class="pay-option">
    <div class="pay-info">
      <p class="pay-details">
        <span>IBAN:</span> UA543220010000026205305881456 <br/>
        <span>Recipient:</span> ROZHKOV VOLODYMYR <br/>
        <span>EDRPOU:</span> 2658010870 <br/>
        <span>Purpose of payment:</span> Account replenishment
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>
    <div class="pay-option-inline">
      <div class="pay-icon"> 🏦 </div>
      <p class="pay-name">Swift USD</p>
    </div>
  </summary>

  <div class="pay-option">
    <div class="pay-info">
      <p class="pay-details">
        <span>IBAN:</span> UA613220010000026208326843801<br/>
        <span>Account No:</span> 26208326843801 <br/>
        <span>Receiver:</span> ROZHKOV VOLODYMYR, 64703, Ukraine, reg. Kharkivska, c. Kharkiv, passage. Yevpatoriiskyi, build. 2, fl. 24 <br/>
        <span>Bank:</span> JSC UNIVERSAL BANK <br/>
        <span>City:</span> KYIV, UKRAINE <br/>
        <span>Swift code:</span> UNJSUAUKXXX<br/>

>         <span>Details of payment:</span> It is very important to specify the purpose of the payment correctly. Choose the option you want depending on who sent the payment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <span>Details of payment:</span> It is very important to specify the purpose of the payment correctly. Choose the option you want depending on who sends the payment.
```

        <br/> <br/>
        1. Details of payment for individual transfers:
        <ul>
          <li> private transfer </li>
          <li> transfer to own account </li>
          <li> help to relative </li>
        </ul>
        2. Details of payment for legal entity:
        <ul>
          <li>honorarium</li>
          <li>compensation for ... </li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>
    <div class="pay-option-inline">
      <div class="pay-icon"> 🏦 </div>
      <p class="pay-name">Swift EUR</p>
    </div>
  </summary>

  <div class="pay-option">
    <div class="pay-info">
      <p class="pay-details">
        <span>IBAN:</span> UA383220010000026202323827525 <br/>
        <span>Account No:</span> 26202323827525 <br/>
        <span>Receiver:</span> ROZHKOV VOLODYMYR, 64703, Ukraine, reg. Kharkivska, c. Kharkiv, passage. Yevpatoriiskyi, build. 2, fl. 24 <br/>
        <span>Bank:</span> JSC UNIVERSAL BANK <br/>
        <span>City:</span> KYIV, UKRAINE <br/>
        <span>Swift code:</span> UNJSUAUKXXX <br/>

>         <span>Details of payment:</span> It is very important to specify the purpose of the payment correctly. Choose the option you want depending on who sent the payment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <span>Details of payment:</span> It is very important to specify the purpose of the payment correctly. Choose the option you want depending on who sends the payment.
```

        <span> Transfer type: </span> Local transfer <br/>
        <span> Bank Address: </span> 1731 N Elm St  Commerce, GA 30529 USA <br/>
        <span> PSDetail.RoutingABA: </span> 061120084 <br/>
        <span> PSDetail.AccountNumber: </span> 4029247200136 <br/>
        <span> PSDetail.AccountType: </span> CHECKING <br/>
        <span> PSDetail.BeneficiaryName: </span> Volodymyr Rozhkov <br/>
        <span> Email: </span> oksi202120@gmail.com <br/>
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>
    <div class="pay-option-inline">
      <div class="pay-icon"> 💰 </div>
      <p class="pay-name">Paypal</p>
    </div>
  </summary>

  <div class="pay-option">
    <div class="pay-info">
      <p class="pay-details">
        oksi202120@gmail.com
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</details>

## How does it work

⚡️ We assemble money

⚡️ We buy cheap (€1,5k-4k) 4x4 diesel SUV abroad (mostly in Poland, Slovakia)

⚡️ Stuff it with provision and medicine and drive to Kharkiv

⚡️ Finally the cars go to front line to our defenders. The goal is to strengthen our army, they need this type of cars  right now. As many as possible.

> We have already bought 19 cars, half of them reached Kharkiv with provision this week. But we need more! Much more!

Reviewer: to be future proof:

```suggestion
We have already bought more than 19 cars, half of them reached Kharkiv with provision this week. But we need more! Much more!
```

Please, share the victory with us!

## For car dealers

> If you have SUVs, pickups, ATVs in stock, and you are ready to give the fund a discount on their purchase - write to us by mail. **Everyone's participation is important!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have SUVs, pickups, ATVs in stock, and you are ready to give a discount on their purchase - contact us by mail. **All help matters!**
```
